Add Conway support, Replace Plutip with cardano-testnet (#1624)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: doc/plutip-testing.md

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [CTL integration with Plutip](#ctl-integration-with-plutip)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# CTL integration with Plutip

> The use of [Plutip](https://github.com/mlabs-haskell/plutip) in CTL is
> deprecated. For information on how to test with the Cardano Testnet, please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of [Plutip](https://github.com/mlabs-haskell/plutip) in CTL for testing is
discontinued in favor of `cardano-testnet` integration. For information on how to test with the Cardano Testnet, please
```
